hi this is Pam dinner I'm a speaker and
the author of three books global content
marketing effective sales enablement and
the modern AI marketer with 20 years of
a cobra experience so if you are looking
for a keynote speaker to educate
influence and inspire your team's about
marketing trends or specific marketing
disciplines such as content marketing
digital marketing sales enablement or
simply the approaches to align sales and
marketing that's talked like many other
speakers I have trouble extensively too
many conferences and meetings however
working a global company for long period
of time and a consulting clients
remotely I have experiences doing
presentations workshops and training
online in addition to delivering fun
engagement style I do make people laugh
I tailor my content to meet your
audience's needs and your expectations
at the end of the day doing the keynote
online is like doing a cooking show the
chef has to make the dishes so good and
so delicious that the audience who is
watching it can virtually smell it so
I'm like Hina cook who is able to
deliver a presentation dish that is so
good that your audience will enjoy if
you are interested reach out to me at
hello at him dinner calm I would love to
talk to you my job is to work with you
to make your event successful to make
you look like rock stars so we can do
this together all right take care